# Rules

1. **Try to avoid spoilers.** Don't quit too fast, and when you see a spoiler don't immediately click it, you won't practice this way.
2. **Too much spoiling should be prevented.** Links to solutions posted by challenge assigners must be spoilers.
3. **Any link to a solution for an assigned problem must be a spoiler**, if the problem or a related one has been assigned to multiple students at the same time.
4. **This is NOT a general chatroom for the Jelly programming language, so we can't process feature requests.** It's intended to work like a classroom. You can enroll using the "request access" button. A public general chatroom does exist, however, so we can redirect feature requests there. This room's aim is to aid as much as possible in learning the Jelly language.
5. **Moderators on Codegolf.SE and SE employees aren't exempt from the usual procedure followed by non-diamond users**, and are kindly asked not to abuse their powers.
6. **Dennis and "experts" have to be students too**, because, well, they can almost certainly still learn things.
7. **Did you request access by mistake?** Don't worry, it can be quite easily reverted by one of the teachers, but you should think before requesting access somewhere nevertheless.
8. **Teachers are training too.** Just because somebody is a teacher doesn't mean they're not learning anymore, and teachers often need to practice in order to be ready to teach correctly.
9. **Teachers aren't the only ones to help.** Interaction between students is an important part in your learning course, since the teachers (glorified janitors...term familiar?) are not guaranteed to be available at any time.
10. **Student levels and teacher degrees are not access keys**, they're simply experience indicators. However, if a student manages to get to level 5 (not really dependent on previous levels), they can choose to join the teacher team, getting to be room owners. Note that level 5 isn't dependent on previous levels, you get it if you are eligible to be a teacher, where such eligibility is decided by the teacher team. So, please don't try to cheat around to get a higher level, it won't have any advantage at all.
11. **User suspensions aren't recorded,** unlike user *deletions* when the cause isn't behavior, since we don't want to keep records of bad actions of anybody. Please don't ask me to record suspensions. Any specific suspension-related messages are to be trashed, and then get flagged for moderator attention so that they can be moved into the Trashcan (moderator-only trash nobody else can see), unless the suspended user themselves decides to make matters public. A fundamental rule of Stack Exchange w/chat suspensions is *not to talk about them if you aren't the one being suspended*. Kicks from the Jelly Hypertraining room will be treated likewise, as we want bad-behaving users to fix their behavior, not defame them.
12. **Please use good behavior**, *Be Nice* is one of the most important Stack Exchange policies applying to chat too.
